fix and enhance min-gpt example (#10)
outerbounds/metaflow-torchrun: examples/min-gpt/README.md

# Introduction

The following seven files showcase how to train minGPT inspired from [Karpathy](https://github.com/karpathy/minGPT) using the `@torchrun` decorator with `@kubernetes` on Metaflow.

1. `gpu_profile.py` contains the `@gpu_profile` decorator, and is available [here](https://github.com/outerbounds/metaflow-gpu-profile). It is used in the file `flow.py`

2. `gpt2_train_cfg.yaml` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/gpt2_train_cfg.yaml)

3. `char_dataset.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/char_dataset.py)

4. `model.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/model.py)

5. `trainer.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/trainer.py)

6. `main.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/main.py)

7. `flow.py` uses the above script via `current.torch.run(entrypoint="main.py")`.

> - The flow can be run using `python flow.py --package-suffixes=.yaml --environment=fast-bakery run`

Reviewer: Add a distinguishing line that if you are running on Outerbounds platform, you can use this command but if you are running on OSS you can use the `--environment=pypi`

The following seven files showcase how to train minGPT inspired from [Karpathy](https://github.com/karpathy/minGPT) using the `@torchrun` decorator with `@kubernetes` on Metaflow.

1. `gpu_profile.py` contains the `@gpu_profile` decorator, and is available [here](https://github.com/outerbounds/metaflow-gpu-profile). It is used in the file `flow.py`

2. `gpt2_train_cfg.yaml` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/gpt2_train_cfg.yaml)

3. `char_dataset.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/char_dataset.py)

4. `model.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/model.py)

5. `trainer.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/trainer.py)

6. `main.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/main.py)

7. `flow.py` uses the above script via `current.torch.run(entrypoint="main.py")`.

- The flow can be run using `python flow.py --package-suffixes=.yaml --environment=pypi run`

> - If you are on the [Outerbounds](https://outerbounds.com/) platform, you can leverage `fast-bakery` for blazingly fast docker image builds. This can be used by `python flow.py --package-suffixes=.yaml --environment=fast-bakery run`

Reviewer: No need to use `--package-suffix` since the include file also taking into account this yaml file

> # Introduction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Fine Tuning GPT Models using MinGPT
```

> The following nine files showcase how to train minGPT inspired from [Karpathy](https://github.com/karpathy/minGPT) using the `@torchrun` decorator with `@kubernetes` on Metaflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repo is an adaptation of Andrej Karpathy's [MinGPT project](https://github.com/karpathy/minGPT). It uses the `@torchrun` decorator with `@kubernetes` on Metaflow to train a MinGPT model with distributed training. 
```

> 1. `gpu_profile.py` contains the `@gpu_profile` decorator, and is available [here](https://github.com/outerbounds/metaflow-gpu-profile). It is used in the file `flow.py`
> 
> 2. `gpt2_train_cfg.yaml` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/gpt2_train_cfg.yaml)
> 
> 3. `char_dataset.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/char_dataset.py)
> 
> 4. `model.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/model.py)
> 
> 5. `trainer.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/trainer.py)
> 
> 6. `main.py` is adapted from [here](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/main.py)
> 
> 7. `flow.py` and `flow_oss.py` uses the above script via `current.torch.run(entrypoint="main.py")`.
> 
> 8. `Dockerfile` was used to build the `eddieob/min-gpt:3` image, used in the `flow_oss.py` file.
> 
> - The flow can be run using `python flow_oss.py run` if using the OSS version with the `eddieob/min-gpt:3` docker image.
> - If you are on the [Outerbounds](https://outerbounds.com/) platform, you can leverage `fast-bakery` for blazingly fast docker image builds. This can be used by `python flow.py --environment=fast-bakery run`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many of the files in this example have been directly sourced from the MinGPT project with minimal or no adjustments. The [gpt2_train_cfg.yaml](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/gpt2_train_cfg.yaml), [char_dataset.py](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/char_dataset.py), [model.py](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/model.py), [trainer.py](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/trainer.py), [main.py](https://github.com/pytorch/examples/blob/main/distributed/minGPT-ddp/mingpt/main.py) have been sourced from the MinGPT project. The `flow.py` and `flow_oss.py` uses the minGPT's CLI script via Metaflow's `@torchrun` decorator.

## Running with Open source Metaflow on Kubernetes
- `python flow_oss.py run` 

## Running on the Outerbounds Platform
- `python flow.py --environment=fast-bakery run`

```
